Privacy Policy

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our blog, website or app.


What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?

When talking to our ‘application’ (chatbot, bot, artificial intelligence), as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, location data or other details to help you with your experience. We never collect any information that you don’t enter yourself.


When do we collect information?

We collect information when you subscribe to our messenger bot newsletter or when you fill out a form on our blog or website.


How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:

To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To uphold standard app or site features.
To send notifications about new content on the website.


How do we protect visitor information?

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply through our blog, website or app is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters or submits their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information.
We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.


Do we use ‘cookies’?

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

We use cookies to:

Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.


Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.


Third-party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our blog, website or app. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes.
Users are able to change their personal information:

By logging in to their account
By chatting with us or sending us a ticket


How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.


Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking


Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

kmiasko@gmail.com
