Terms of Service

By using KmiaskoJS service, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions governing KmiaskoJS relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with these terms and conditions, please do not use the KmiaskoJS website or its Services

1. Provision of the Services
1.1 In order to provide the best possible experience, KmiaskoJS may improve its Services. You understand and agree that changes to the Services may occur without prior notice to you.
1.2 In order to continue the innovation described in section 2 article 1, KmiaskoJs may stop providing the Service to you without prior notice to you. You may stop using the Service at any time without prior notice to KmiaskoJS.

2. Your use of the Services
2.1 KmiaskoJS might ask for information about you in order for you to access certain Services. All of the information you provide to KmiaskoJS will always be accurate, correct and up to date.
2.2 You agree that you will never access (or attempt to access) any of the Services by any means other than through the interface provided by KmiaskoJS.
2.3 You agree that you will not do anything to interfere with or disrupt the Services.
2.4 You agree that you alone are solely responsible for any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the consequences of any such breach. KmiaskoJS has no responsibility to you or any third party.
2.5 You agree that when using an Instant Messaging service, the Terms and Conditions of that service is different than KmiaskoJS's Terms and Conditions.

3.1 By agreeing to these terms you understand that the use of the Services is fully at your own risk. You may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive. KmiaskoJS can not be held responsible if you are exposed to such Content.
3.2 You agree that you are responsible for all the content you create and display. KmiaskoJS can not be held responsible for any of the content you create or lose in this process.

4. Other Content
4.1 KmiaskoJS may include hyperlinks to third party websites. KmiaskoJS has no control over these websites, and you acknowledge and agree that KmiaskoJS is not responsible for the availability of these websites.
4.2 You acknowledge and agree that KmiaskoJs is not liable nor responsible for any loss or damage that might occur to you as a result of providing such websites with personal information.
4.3 You also agree and acknowledge that KmiaskoJs can not be held responsible for any loss or damage you obtain by visiting these websites.

5. Proprietary rights and License
5.1 You acknowledge and agree that KmiaskoJs owns all legal right, title, logo in and to the Services. This also includes any intellectual property rights that subsist in the current Services.
5.2 You agree and acknowledge that you may not copy, modify or otherwise (attempt to) extract the source code. You may only do so if this is expressly permitted or required by law, or if KmiaskoJS has told you so, in writing.

6. Exclusions
6.1 You agree that the Services are provided "as is" and "as available".
6.2 KmiaskoJS, its affiliates and licensors do not respresent or warrant to you that:
a. The use of KmiaskoJs's Services will meet your requirements,
b. The use of the services will be uninterrupted without any errors,.
c. Any defects in the functionality of the Services will be corrected.
7.3 Obtaining material through the use of the Services is done at your own risk. You are responsible for every action and it's consequences you make on KmiaskoJs. KmiaskoJS can not be held responsible for your actions and its consequences.


Applicable law
The Polish law is applicable to any agreement between You and KmiaskoJS.
